hello everyone we are in front of ever
to 2015 I will now show you the main ones
new in this version
then as you can see this is one
scene not very complex and we go
to analyze the viewport as you can
seeing is a really high scene
quality this is not a rendering
comment in with maya software majella
you already have viewport 2.0
seen on several occasions but sumaya 2015 la
b porto 2.0 is the standard carryover e
we also have two other ports which is the
legacy defaults that are not the same
high performance is also the high one
quality but right now there
interest is precisely the strongest 2.0
now it allows us many more operations
it was really amplified in his
potential and also has much more
compatibility with maya itself then
let's go and see what I have
activated
then I activated the screen and space
ambient occlusion that would be this one
allows me to have a small ambient
occlusion I don't know if you can see the
difference and then the anti aliasing that is
this allows me to have
much more image
smooth and in the contours less vic saddled
the gamma correction that we say one
color correction and then floating
point which is one thing on video
you probably won't see but that
sharply increases the qualities of
transparency in general now we will go to
see also what it is because I have it
used
let's take a moment to take a look at
course here in the various levels
we obviously put a hdr in that
this one then I put the penguin a
well with his skeleton a light
environmental all rendered the sun the
sunlight all rendered into
real time through the strongest of the
2.0
and also a fog effect an effect
very nice fog made with mesh
fluids then with maio fluids ok
the main news
we see these clearly
a few years the green square brackets
for example this one
this little button allows us to see
the whole scene through the material
by default which is lamberth lamberto nuno
and therefore if we press it we have one
clearer view of the scene
then here we have the usual buttons
obviously there is no button left
of the ippoliti there are only i
buttons of the port 2.0 view for le
texture used two fused textures for
this land used decs tour fuse
and I used the bike function
texture that
becker here and solution for a support
of the third and because he used one
3d texture ie stucco texture that
now I will show you stucco textures ho
used this 3d texture or from the port
2.0 does not support ma ho resources
had to back up with a resolution
2048 and this allowed me to have a
result of a good quality for
as for fluids instead I have
I used an ordinary I do
see a very common container better
of maya fluids that would be this here
I put an ingredient in the density
I removed the speed of the fluid and up
shading I put a certain
transparency we say what I wanted
we can we can see that lowering
transparency is a more dense effect
of the fog and then then I put
I almost put you a gradient a
pyramid let's say so that al
center the density of the radio was more
strong
that is, he had perhaps no more dense and then
I show the settings for a moment
I have activated the viewport hole
floating point I show that
disabling it we have an effect
very ugly of transparency indeed
we will see the fog of so many colors that the
that we don't like
we abolish the highest in pointer we see
already that the result is different and
best for viewport 2.0 this is
all
see you at the next video